feat: add docs for bert ranking (#903)
deepmipt/DeepPavlov: docs/components/neural_ranking.rst

Statistics on the models quality are available :doc:`here </intro/features>`.

Building the own response base for bert ranking
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For the BERT-based models we have the following mechanism of building the own response base.

> If you type `python -m deeppavlov interact ranking_ubuntu_v2_bert_sep_interact.json -d` in console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run ``python -m deeppavlov download ranking_ubuntu_v2_bert_sep_interact`` in console
```
Or am I missing something?

the model with the existing base will be downloaded and loaded.
If you look in the folder where the model with the base is located you will find four files:

> `contexts.csv`, `responses.csv`, `cont_vecs.npy`, `resp_vecs.npy`.

Reviewer: in `.rst` files you should use \`\`text\`\` instead of \`text\` to get mono-spaced font

Author: done
